as far as relationships with those in charge again, you respond to verbal
and nonverbal cues and also by keeping it professional and respectful.
Um, you have a lot off seniors who have, ah, difficult time responding
to the new generation of sailors that are coming here. So
it's kind of hard to for them to empathize and understand how to approach
in interact with some of the younger service. And that's understandable.
But you as a a subordinate to, say a senior, you have to
be able to understand that things aren't perfect. Take your ego out
of it and find out what makes the boss t what makes them happy and what
makes them happy. We'll make you happy because they're happy. So
with that relationship, just do your best to keep it professional and
respectful. If you keep it professional, you won't have to worry
about anything going south. So nine times out of 10 don't respond with
how you really feel. Just keep it professional and keep it respectful,
because sometimes you may feel like you want to react like in
a negative manner. But that won't go well for you. So keep professional
and keep a respectful